ah the highlands
one of the purest places on earth hardly
a foot has
touched weight who the hell
okay roll call duncan mcdonald dean
jobson
dj beetroot
can i have your real name just that
third one down there
william to beaufort william oh what did
you tell
him himself
are you in i'll meet you at the campsite
at 6 00 p.m
be careful we don't want to get lost in
the highlands there's danger everywhere
hello boys
he nearly killed us we got your weapons
i'll make a bomb
[Music]
where's the explosion do you have a
whole point of a bomb
mr kale
i've never seen a matter before i'm
homeschooled explore the world
this is our number one case now
[Music]
here take some of these you're feeling
invincible your generation you're
always complaining always saying you are
the victim you mad man
one chance two charge three we have to
stop them yeah what was super high
you won't get away with this we always
do
let's finish
nothing ever happened in the highlands
[Music]
you